doc: add section to show how to customize cilium-agent metrics (#22178)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/observability/metrics.rst

passing an empty IP (e.g. ``:9962``) will bind the server to all available
interfaces (there is usually only one in a container).

To customize ``cilium-agent`` metrics, configure the ``--metrics`` option with
``"+metric_a -metric_b -metric_c"``, where ``+/-`` means to enable/disable

> the metric. For example, for really large clusters, users may would like to
> disable the following two metrics as they generate too much data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the metric. For example, for really large clusters, users may consider to
disable the following two metrics as they generate too much data:
```
